He actually stepped on the future
What are you doing?
Still that little brat
People get angry when they move his things
At first, I wished I could come to his room
What about cleaning up?
Mr. Zhang, my favorite snack is good
I can do it, please
After all, I took care of you for so many years before
It's not easy
Thanks.
Little brat, you like my fried rice best
See if I don't take you down
The taste is exactly the same as Lin Shi's and mine
But how could Chen Lin even taste the same?
Who are you?
Of course I am Chen Lin.
Who does Xiao Jiang always think it is?
Don't play dumb. I've worked with tons of top chefs
Trying to restore the taste
None of these succeeded.
Of course, Aunt Lin taught me to do it.
He said he wanted to capture the hearts of men
You have to capture his stomach first
How about Mr. Xiao Jiang?
Have you been captured by me?
Miss Chen Lin wants to capture my heart
Why is that?
A man like Mr. Jiang
Who wouldn't want to?
So?
Miss Chen Lin has taken a fancy to me
Of course it is
Why don't I take a shower now?